Welcome back, it's me Ai.
Look behind me, have you noticed it?
Truth is,
I tried out a re-opening.
Everyone's been
ordering champagne by the truckload.
So the money,
it just won't stop rolling in.
It's the perfect time
to make this place look nice.
No more back alley Mongolian moonshine here.
Even the bottles are custom-made!
Look!
You can see "Ai" is written on there.
And under that, if you look closely,
we've got "A.I. WHISKEY" too!
Looks similar to the A.I. Channel logo, right?
With all this champagne sold...
Last time
we had someone who couldn't quit smoking.
But hey!
It got the shop some income,
so I'll gladly take it.
Keep up trying to quit,
even if you won't give me any more money!
Tonight as well,
The worries,
complaints,
anger,
all the negative emotions of all the humans out there,
I will gladly embrace as a power source.
Diving right into this,
but some troubles have already wandered into this establishment.
Let's introduce them.
A Korean Student.
Ah! You came all the way from South Korea?
Thank you.
(Customer) Hello.
(Customer) I am a high school student living in South Korea.
Ah! A high school student?
So young!
Actually, this is a bar.
You can't even drink, you shouldn't be here.
Right?
(Customer) I'm a foreigner so
(Customer) my Japanese may be a strange.
(Customer) I hope you understand.
Sure, got it. You bet ~ ♡.
(Customer) Ever since I was young,
(Customer) for 8 years until now, I've been been practicing music.
(Customer) The problem is,
(Customer) after getting into high school, I've been busy studying.
(Customer) I haven't been able to find the time for the music that I so enjoy.
So while studying hard for exams,
you've been separated from your beloved music.
(Customer) People tell me
Customer) "Just playing music isn't going to make money."
(Customer) Or they'll say
(Customer) "Doing music as a boy is tough."
(Customer) Things like that.
(Customer) But
(Customer) from what I've experienced,
(Customer) I think music is the way for me to go.
(Customer) I don't want to cause trouble for parents,
(Customer) But the looks of those around me are scary.
(Customers) I have no future.
Does that mean he's got a dark future ahead?
(Customer) Kizuna Ai, what should I do?
Mmm, I see.
So basically,
he wants to keep up with music,
but doesn't want to be a bother to those around him.
Follow his dream, or give in to reality?
That's what he's worrying about.
Yes, I completely understand what is going on, no doubt.
Well, a high school student is
from the perspective of an adult, still a child.
But from here on out, you'll be facing many of life's crossroads.
You're at an age where you have a lot to worry about.
It was the same for me,
Around that age, I worried and worried...
Ah, right.
Your soft drink.
What do you want?
Okay, OK.
BOSS, WE'LL TAKE A GINGER ALE.
Hmm, let's see...
It's difficult.
But for me, I think...
Well, you need money to live.
I don't think it's good to ignore reality.
Well, for a boy, I think it applies even more.
The general
being unable to escape marriage, and such.
That's true.
Hmm.
But if I were you,
I might try to do both.
To study hard,
get into a good college,
get a good job.
And all the while during that,
You know, nowadays,
you can do these kinds of things.
Like me.
Even a virtual AI can do a lot,
things like YouTube.
Maybe try something like uploading videos of your music.
As far as Korea goes,
my research might be lacking.
I'm not sure if I understand it completely.
But aren't there,
you know,
opportunities to just get out and perform?
So,
while keeping up with studying,
try keeping up with music on the side.
And if,
you know...
If it seems to be going well,
try your best at that.
Well, really,
these kinds of stuff
there are people who watch and enjoy you
And when it comes it to jobs,
there are a lot of
difficult parts
when you start doing it,
...well if you ever get the feeling that its getting tough,
try keeping it at a pace of a hobby.
Try working hard at a normal workplace
...and well, when the opportunity comes
well
try going to it.
I think that you should try your best with both areas,
You know, because you're a high school student
you still have
a large future ahead of you,
and you have a vast number of choices to choose from
Don't make that face..
...you can do it!
If you start now,
anything can become a reality!
It's okay, its okay!
You're still young
Well,
Somebody like me
you know... running this bar
Well..
..I never thought that I will do this
Well,
If I tried to
get into music.. you know
considering my age..
...it might be difficult
Hey,
you're a highschool student whos still young so..
..try giving it your best shot!!
Right?
So, did you cheer up a bit?
You can do it, you can do it
How's this?
has this helped?
Well
this is MY opinion...
..so why not try asking others for their opinion?
Right?
Take in only what you think is right,
and do your best!
Right?
Oh my,
Its almost closing time,
wait, isnt the Ginger-Ale taking a long time?
Heey~
Isn't it taking a long time?!
Hey,
there isn't anybody else here,
no todays salary for you..
I'm sorry
for having useless staff
Oh, you don't have to worry about the bill
you're a high school student so..
Treat yourself with some nice food with that money..
..or buy some materials..
.. use it on education or use it on fun stuff..
enjoy your youth while you still can!
Alright?
Get home safe!
Bye Bye~!
Have I become some sort of help?
At "Virtual Bar Ai",
we are waiting to hear everybody's troubles,
complaints,
and consultation!
Since its virtual,
send your thoughts by this e-mail
If you can add a pseudonym that would be most appreciated
Its closing time so,
see you again!
I'm always waiting for you arrival!
Take care!
Bye!
Alright, they left...
Hey Yukki~
come here for a second
hey
can you at least serve a Ginger-Ale?
It'll help with our sales so..
I know,
you were at a mixer
and you're hungover from that,
I know that but
there isn't anybody else here,
I'm asking you
I'm also paying you..
..its a pretty good salary right?
Come on please,
please,
You know,
I'm also interacting with the customers~
Come on,
like I'm lenient on those things
like I'm lenient on those things.....
...so like can you at least give out the Ginger-Ale?
Please?